[KOGITO-6687] Temperature conversion to use FULL_URI approach (#1314)
kiegroup/kogito-examples: serverless-workflow-examples/serverless-workflow-temperature-conversion/README.md

1. [Temperature Conversion Service](conversion-workflow)
2. [Multiplication Service](multiplication-service)
3. [Subtraction Service](subtraction-service)

> We are also including alternative configuration approaches for Temperature Conversion service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also find alternative OpenAPI endpoint configuration approaches for the Temperature Conversion workflow:
```
